
PERHAPS it was the middle of January in the present that I first looked up and saw the mark on
the wall. In order to fix a date it is necessary to remember what one saw. So now I think of the
fire; the steady film of yellow light upon the page of my book; the three chrysanthemums in the
round glass bowl on the mantelpiece. Yes, it must have been the winter time, and we had just
finished our tea, for I remember that I was smoking a cigarette when I looked up and saw the
mark on the wall for the first time. I looked up through the smoke of my cigarette and my eye
lodged for a moment upon the burning coals, and that old fancy of the crimson flag flapping
from the castle tower came into my mind, and I thought of the cavalcade of red knights riding
up the side of the black rock. Rather to my relief the sight of the mark interrupted the fancy, for
it is an old fancy, an automatic fancy, made as a child perhaps. The mark was a small round
mark, black upon the white wall, about six or seven inches above the mantelpiece.


write another paragraph to continue the story above, keeping the style of the story's author, Virginia Woolf:

I sat there for a moment, staring at the mark on the wall, trying to make sense of it. It was so
small and yet it seemed to pulse with a strange energy, as if it were a tiny heart beating
rhythmically on the wall. I rubbed my eyes, wondering if the mark was simply a trick of the
light, but when I looked again, it was still there, a small, dark circle on the white wall. I
remembered then the night before, when I had been reading in my chair by the fire, and I had
felt a sudden jolt of fear, as if something was watching me from the shadows. I had told myself
it was only my imagination, but now I wasn't so sure. The mark on the wall seemed to be a
symbol of that fear, a reminder that there were things in the world that were beyond my
comprehension. I shivered, feeling a cold draft on the back of my neck, and I knew that I
would have to investigate the mark further, to find out what it meant and where it came from.