
PERHAPS it was the middle of January in the present that I first looked up and saw the mark on
the wall. In order to fix a date it is necessary to remember what one saw. So now I think of the
fire; the steady film of yellow light upon the page of my book; the three chrysanthemums in the
round glass bowl on the mantelpiece. Yes, it must have been the winter time, and we had just
finished our tea, for I remember that I was smoking a cigarette when I looked up and saw the
mark on the wall for the first time. I looked up through the smoke of my cigarette and my eye
lodged for a moment upon the burning coals, and that old fancy of the crimson flag flapping
from the castle tower came into my mind, and I thought of the cavalcade of red knights riding
up the side of the black rock. Rather to my relief the sight of the mark interrupted the fancy, for
it is an old fancy, an automatic fancy, made as a child perhaps. The mark was a small round
mark, black upon the white wall, about six or seven inches above the mantelpiece.


write another paragraph to continue the story above, keeping the style of the story's author, Virginia Woolf:

I tried to make out what the mark could be, but it was too high up for me to see clearly, and
besides, the light in the room was not very good. I got up from my chair and walked over to
the mantelpiece, where I could see the mark more clearly. It was a small round stain, black as
ink, and it seemed to have been made by some liquid that had been spilled or dripped upon the
wall. I wondered who could have spilled something on the wall, and why they had not cleaned it
up. Perhaps it was one of the servants, or perhaps it was someone who had been visiting. I
thought of asking one of the servants if they knew anything about it, but I did not want to
disturb them, so I just stood there looking at the mark, trying to make out what it was. As I
stood there, I felt a sudden chill run down my spine, and I had a feeling that something was
not quite right. It was as if the mark on the wall was watching me, and I could feel its eyes
upon me. I tried to shake off the feeling, but it was too late, for I had already been caught by
the mark, and I knew that I would never be able to forget it.