PERHAPS it was the middle of January in the present that I first looked up and saw the mark on
the wall. In order to fix a date it is necessary to remember what one saw. So now I think of the
fire; the steady film of yellow light upon the page of my book; the three chrysanthemums in the
round glass bowl on the mantelpiece. Yes, it must have been the winter time, and we had just
finished our tea, for I remember that I was smoking a cigarette when I looked up and saw the
mark on the wall for the first time. I looked up through the smoke of my cigarette and my eye
lodged for a moment upon the burning coals, and that old fancy of the crimson flag flapping
from the castle tower came into my mind, and I thought of the cavalcade of red knights riding
up the side of the black rock. Rather to my relief the sight of the mark interrupted the fancy, for
it is an old fancy, an automatic fancy, made as a child perhaps. The mark was a small round
mark, black upon the white wall, about six or seven inches above the mantelpiece.
How readily our thoughts swarm upon a new object, lifting it a little way, as ants carry a blade
of straw so feverishly, and then leave it.… If that mark was made by a nail, it can’t have been for
a picture, it must have been for a miniature—the miniature of a lady with white powdered
curls, powder-dusted cheeks, and lips like red carnations. A fraud of course, for the people who
had this house before us would have chosen pictures in that way—an old picture for an old
room. That is the sort of people they were—very interesting people, and I think of them so
often, in such queer places, because one will never see them again, never know what happened
next. They wanted to leave this house because they wanted to change their style of furniture,
so he said, and he was in process of saying that in his opinion art should have ideas behind it
when we were torn asunder, as one is torn from the old lady about to pour out tea and the
young man about to hit the tennis ball in the back garden of the suburban villa as one rushes
past in the train.
But as for that mark, I’m not sure about it; I don’t believe it was made by a nail after all; it’s too
big, too round, for that. I might get up, but if I got up and looked at it, ten to one I shouldn’t be
able to say for certain; because once a thing’s done, no one ever knows how it happened. Oh!
dear me, the mystery of life; The inaccuracy of thought! The ignorance of humanity! To show
how very little control of our possessions we have—what an accidental affair this living is after
all our civilization—let me just count over a few of the things lost in one lifetime, beginning, for
that seems always the most mysterious of losses—what cat would gnaw, what rat would
nibble—three pale blue canisters of book-binding tools? Then there were the bird cages, the
iron hoops, the steel skates, the Queen Anne coal-scuttle, the bagatelle board, the hand
organ—all gone, and jewels, too. Opals and emeralds, they lie about the roots of turnips. What
a scraping paring affair it is to be sure! The wonder is that I’ve any clothes on my back, that I sit
surrounded by solid furniture at this moment. Why, if one wants to compare life to anything,
one must liken it to being blown through the Tube at fifty miles an hour—landing at the other
end without a single hairpin in one’s hair! Shot out at the feet of God entirely naked! Tumbling
head over heels in the asphodel meadows like brown paper parcels pitched down a shoot in the
