
OH, dear, how she wished that it wasn’t night-time. She’d have much rather
travelled by day, much much rather. But the lady at the Governess Bureau
said: “You had better take an evening boat and then if you get into a
compartment for ‘Ladies Only’ in the train you will be far safer than
sleeping in a foreign hotel. Don’t go out of the carriage; don’t walk about
the corridors and be sure to lock the lavatory door if you go there. The train
arrives at Munich at eight o’clock, and Frau Arnholdt says that the Hotel
Grunewald is only one minute away. A porter can take you there. She will
arrive at six the same evening, so you will have a nice quiet day to rest after
the journey and rub up your German. And when you want anything to eat I
would advise you to pop into the nearest baker’s and get a bun and some
coffee. You haven’t been abroad before, have you?” “No.” “Well, I always
tell my girls that it’s better to mistrust people at first rather than trust them,
and it’s safer to suspect people of evil intentions rather than good ones. . . .

write another paragraph to continue the story that above:

... “You must be very careful, my dear. You see, this is a foreign land,
and people here are not like those at home. They may seem friendly, but
they are not to be trusted. You must keep a close eye on your valuables and
don’t let anyone touch them without your permission. And when you arrive
at the hotel, be sure to check the room before you unpack. You don’t want
any unwanted visitors snooping around your belongings. And if you have to
use a taxi, make sure it’s a reputable one and the driver is trustworthy. I
know it’s a lot to take in, but you must be vigilant, my dear. Your safety is
of the utmost importance.”

The Governess listened intently to the lady’s words, her mind racing with
all the new information and advice. She knew that she would have to be
careful, but she also felt a sense of excitement and adventure at the
thought of exploring a new country and culture. As the train pulled out of
the station, she settled back into her seat and began to make a mental
list of all the things she needed to do and see during her time in Munich.