
Although it was so brilliantly fine — the blue sky powdered with gold and
great spots of light like white wine splashed over the Jardins Publiques —
Miss Brill was glad that she had decided on her fur. The air was motionless,
but when you opened your mouth there was just a faint chill, like a chill
from a glass of iced water before you sip, and now and again a leaf came
drifting — from nowhere, from the sky. Miss Brill put up her hand and
touched her fur. Dear little thing! It was nice to feel it again. She had taken
it out of its box that afternoon, shaken out the moth-powder, given it a good
brush, and rubbed the life back into the dim little eyes. “What has been
happening to me?” said the sad little eyes. Oh, how sweet it was to see them
snap at her again from the red eiderdown!... But the nose, which was of
some black composition, wasn’t at all firm. It must have had a knock,
somehow. Never mind — a little dab of black sealing-wax when the time
came — when it was absolutely necessary... Little rogue! Yes, she really felt
like that about it. Little rogue biting its tail just by her left ear. She could
have taken it off and laid it on her lap and stroked it. She felt a tingling in
her hands and arms, but that came from walking, she supposed. And when
she breathed, something light and sad — no, not sad, exactly — something
gentle seemed to move in her bosom.

write another paragraph to continue the story above, keeping the style of the story's author, Katherine Mansfield:

Miss Brill thought of the man with the umbrella, who had passed her
twice on the path. He had looked at her twice, too, and there was something
in his eyes that made her feel a little shy. She had never been shy before,
but there was something in his eyes that made her want to hide her face.
Perhaps it was the way he looked at her, as if he were seeing something
in her that she herself had never seen before. Perhaps it was the way he
smiled, as if he were sharing a secret with her, and she was the only one
who knew what it was. Whatever it was, it made her feel a little breathless,
and she had to take a deep breath before she passed him again. She
wanted to ask him if he knew what it was, too, but she didn’t dare. She
just smiled back at him, and he smiled back at her, and then he was gone,
and she was left alone with her thoughts.